Migrate nonlocal games 1596 task1 - quantum (#1745)
microsoft/qsharp: katas/content/nonlocal_games/chsh_quantum_bob_strategy/solution.md

Measuring a qubit in the $\theta$ basis is the same as rotating the qubit by $\theta$, clockwise, and then making a standard measurement in the Z basis.

> To implement the described transformation in Q#, we need to rotate the qubit by $\frac{\pi}{8}$ clockwise if `bit = false` or counterclockwise if `bit = true` and then perform a measurement.

Reviewer: Minor nit, but if it looks like a code condition, then it should probably use comparison operators (`bit == false`), rather than assignment (`bit = false`).

Author: Updated "=" -> "==" in "Cosmetic updates", together with index.md EOF newline.

> We can do the rotation using the previous task (note the negation of the boolean parameter we need to do).

Reviewer 2: Since we merged the two tasks, we can't refer to the previous task any longer
```suggestion
We can do the rotation using the Ry gate (note the negation of the Boolean parameter we need to do).
```

Author: Updated. Macro R_y is used instead of "Ry gate"
